

@fragment bosmer-intro

bosmer: You! Who are you! Why are you disguising yourself? Trying to fool the Investigator? The Investigator can see right through your lies!

khajiit: Oh, hello. I'm just a completely unimportant Khajiit that'll immediately leave you alone.

bosmer: Fool! Still trying your trickery on the Investigator? I see the wings! I see the horns!
bosmer: You're not a Khajiit! You're a Daedra!

khajiit: *visible confusion*

bosmer: Surprised? The Investigator sees everything!

khajiit: You've got me there, I was not expecting that.

bosmer: Ha! No Daedra will pass unnoticed by the Investigator’s eyes!

khajiit: Yes, that indeed seems to be the case.

%seen

@dialog bosmer-main

@prompt

bosmer: Speak fiend, what business brings you to the Investigator?

@option hidden mirror: (Give mirror)

khajiit: Could you look at your reflection in this mirror?

%invoke open

bosmer: Why would the Investigator do that?

khajiit: There's um... something in your hair.

bosmer: Such trivial matters do not bother the Investigator.

%invoke close

%seen

@option hidden mirror-2: (Give mirror)

khajiit: So...

%invoke open

bosmer: Fine, the Investigator will look at his reflection.

%invoke replace

// [animacja, watcher przechdzi na lustor a bosmer grzebie w wlosach usuilujac fryz poprwaic]
null: Item updated: Mirror with daedric attachment

bosmer: Does it look better now?

khajiit: Yes... yes it looks better.

%invoke close

khajiit: What the heck did just happen?

%seen
%hide head-2
%hide

@option head-1: There's um... something on your head.

khajiit: This is most probably pointless, but I have to ask.
khajiit: You know there is a tiny Daedra on your head, right?

bosmer: Such phony lies will never fool the Investigator.

khajiit: Sure, sure, but just to prove your point, could you touch the top of your head?

bosmer: Your words have no control over the Investigator.

khajiit: Yeah, I thought so.

%hide
%seen
%show head-2

@option hidden head-2: Help! Little Daedra are attaching themselves to people's heads!

khajiit: I have a case for you Sir Investigator!

bosmer: Yes? The Investigator is listening. A case is a case, even coming from a Daedra.

khajiit: I've been sent here in disguise to warn unsuspecting mortals. Little tentacle creatures escaped from oblivion and are attaching themselves to people's heads!
khajiit: Their victims remain completely unaware that they've been attacked. You could even be one of them right now!

bosmer: Ha! You underestimate the Investigator! Try as much you want, the Investigator knows there's nothing on his head. Your daedric lies will change not a thing.

%seen
%hide

@option who-are-you: Who are you exactly?

khajiit: So you're an investigator?

bosmer: Yes.

khajiit: What do you... um... investigate?

bosmer: Everything.

khajiit: Ah yes, everything.
khajiit: Any progress?

bosmer: To understand the Investigators work one must first accept that all is connected, nothing happens by accident and everything follows the Plan.
bosmer: Each day brings the Investigator closer and closer to understanding the patterns that govern the Plan.

khajiit: And what exactly does the Investigator want to achieve by investigating this plan?

bosmer: The Investigator was hired to protect his client. To protect his client he must understand the Plan.

%seen
%show patterns
%show-unseen client-1

@option hidden client-1: Wait, someone was desperate enough to actually hire you?

khajiit: Your client? So you're actually working for someone? May I ask for whom?

bosmer: The client needs protection. Only the Investigator can ensure his safety. Therefore the client's identity must remain hidden.

khajiit: And how long have you been on this... case?

bosmer: For eighty-seven years four months and twenty-two days.

khajiit: Right... and when was the last time you've seen this client?

bosmer: Eighty-seven years three months and six days ago.

khajiit: Yeah, I had a feeling you might say something like that.

%show client-2
%seen
%hide

@option hidden client-2: Have you ever tried contacting your client?

khajiit: So through these eight-something years had you at least once tried to contact this client of yours?

bosmer: The Investigator's client demanded privacy. He shall not be contacted unless there is a major breakthrough in the case.

khajiit: Are you sure you shouldn't check if he's, you know... still alive?

bosmer: The client shall not be contacted unless there is a major breakthrough in the case.

%seen
%hide

@option hidden notes: Those numbers in your notes? What do they mean?

khajiit: I um... analysed The Board of Unraveled Connections and found myself unable to interpret the numbers I found there.

bosmer: The numbers are keys, keys to knowledge! Knowledge The Lady of Darkness will not willingly allow to leave her Forcursed Domain!
bosmer: The Investigator dares not to anger The Lady. The Lady benevolently grants The Investigator access to her knowledge. The Lady is kind to The Investigator.
bosmer: Of course even for a moment The Investigator does not forget what a foul beast The Lady is!

khajiit: Of course.
khajiit: Anyway, could you elaborate in what way the numbers are "keys"?

bosmer: They allow The Investigator to return to knowledge he has previously found.
bosmer: In the old days The Investigator was allowed to request copies but after The Accident he was forever denied access to the Copy Machine.

khajiit: Thanks, I think I'll choose my sanity over curiosity and ask you to change the subject.

%seen

@option hidden patterns: Any information you could share with me?

%push bosmer-info

@option hidden hair: What if the Librarian sees your messy hair?

khajiit: I don't think the Librarian would approve of such messy hair.

bosmer: The Investigator does not understand what his colleague is suggesting.
bosmer: But he will reconsider looking into the mirror.

%seen
%hide

@option exit: (Exit)

khajiit: Thanks for the... fascinating discussion.

bosmer: The discourse pleased the Investigator as well.

%exit


@dialog bosmer-post-hair

@prompt

bosmer: The investigator will reconsider looking into the mirror.

@option mirror: (Give mirror)

%pop
%call bosmer-main.option.mirror-2

@option back: (Back)

%pop


@fragment bosmer-info-intro

khajiit: Could you share what you have discovered about this place while studying this plan of yours?

bosmer: The Investigator hesitates. Why should he share information with a Daedra?

khajiit: Listen, since you've seen through my disguise I will tell you the truth. I am an undercover agent sent from oblivion to carry out a secret investigation.

bosmer: A fellow investigator?

khajiit: Yes, exactly that. Will you share information with a cross-realm colleague?

bosmer: The Investigator has decided. He will share information he has gathered about the residents of this place.
bosmer: He will aslo grant fellow investigator access to The Board of Unraveled Connections.

%seen


@dialog bosmer-info

@prompt

bosmer: About whom would fellow investigator like to hear about?

@option board: Board of Unraveled Connections?

bosmer: Yes, yes, the Investigator uses it to keep track of information he has gathered. It plays a most crucial role in his search for new pieces of The Plan.
bosmer: It's content will undoubtedly help fellow investigators in his case.

khajiit: Thanks, I'll be sure to take a look.

%seen

@option chef: The Chef

bosmer: The Investigator must warn his colleague to be careful around the chef, for he is not who he seems to be.
bosmer: He is a Daedra breeder!

khajiit: Excuse me, he is a what?

bosmer: The chef working in the canteen is only a persona created to hide who he truly is. Deep under his kitchen lay secret chambers in which he practices his foul craft of breeding Daedra.
bosmer: The Investigator has seen this with his own eyes!

khajiit: Um... look, not that I don't believe you... but you know that's not how Daedra err.. work, right? I mean they... that is we don't even have a gender to begin with.

bosmer: The Investigator must think about what was said. He thanks his daedric friend for providing a fresh perspective on the matter.

%seen

@option mage: The Mage

bosmer: The Investigator shivers at the thought of that wicked abomination! The cannibal necromancer! The madman that resurrects flesh only to consume it!
bosmer: Hunted by the mage's guild, he has found shelter in this cave. The cult welcomed him, as his mastery of the dark arts knows no other.

khajiit: Cannibal necromancer? That's well... new.

%seen

@option mercenary: The Mercenary

bosmer: The Investigator knows little about the old man, although suspects him of secretly practicing illegal alchemy. Fellow colleague should be careful what he drinks in his presence.

%seen

@option maid: The Maid

bosmer: The Investigator thinks she is a very kind person with absolutely no secrets and will not talk about her aloud. He also advises his colleague to do the same.
bosmer: That said, the Investigator has made many notes on the subject of the maid's kindness.

khajiit: Oh? And where can I find these notes?

bosmer: The Investigator keeps all information on The Board of Unraveled Connections.

%seen

@option librarian: The Librarian

bosmer: The Investigator's heart beats faster in fear when he hears about her.
bosmer: The Orsimer vampire. As dangerous as she is beautiful. The Blood Rose of the Night. The Lady of Darkness.
bosmer: The cold gaze of her blood red eyes induces deep confusion in the Investigator's mind. After visits to the library he can not stop thinking about her for many days.

khajiit: How do you know she is a vampire?

bosmer: The Investigator does not understand how there could be any doubt? Her fangs are for all to see!

khajiit: Have you thought that having fangs is umm... quite normal for Orsimer?

bosmer: The Investigator is shocked by such displays of racial prejudice!

%seen

@option technician: The Technician

bosmer: The Investigator has seen through his corporate lies! The technician intentionally creates faults to fix them in the future!

khajiit: Yeah, I think this one is actually on point.

%seen

@option back: (Go back)

khajiit: Thanks for sharing the um... unquestionably helpful information.

bosmer: The Investigator was glad he could help.

%pop

@fragment bosmer-board-deny

bosmer: Do not touch that! The Plan is not meant for your faul eyes!

@fragment bosmer-board-intro

khajiit: Ah yes, The Board of Unraveled Connections. What eye shattering contents does it hide?
khajiit: I hope analysing it won't render me blind and or insane!

%seen

@dialog bosmer-board-main

@prompt

khajiit: Let's see what we have here.

@option analyse: (Analyse board)

khajiit: So besides the completely random strings and bits of unrelated newspaper cutouts there are some notes that seem to follow a common pattern.

khajiit: There are four of them in total and they all have a single name followed by a column of numbers.

khajiit: "Daedra breeder", "Vampire", "She-Who-Erases", "Cannibal necromancer"

khajiit: The numbers do not seem to mean anything in particular but they all have the same amount of digits. For example there's "9781794030046" under "Vampire".

%show take
%seen

@option hidden take: (Take notes)

%invoke test

khajiit: I have absolutely no idea what to do with these notes.
khajiit: I was also only permitted to LOOK at the board, not to randomly take stuff from it.
khajiit: But I am a Khajiit, so yeah. Should've seen that coming Mr. Investigator.

%invoke open

null: Item added: The Investigator's notes

%invoke close

khajiit: Oh right, he still thinks I'm Daedra.

%hide
%hide analyse

@option exit: (Exit)

%exit
