


@fragment chef-intro

chef: Are this one's eyes deceiving him? Is this a fellow Khajiit standing before him?

khajiit: Um, yes? Hello?

chef: Finally! Finally someone to appreciate traditional Khajiit cuisine!

khajiit: I gather you work as a chef here?

chef: Let us waste no more time! This one shall prepare a feast!

khajiit: That sounds wonderful and all but I got a bit more pressing matters at the moment.

chef: Fellow Khajiit is not hungry?

khajiit: No, it's just... actually you know what? Screw it. How could I say no to free food?

chef: Finally words worthy of a Khajiit! Sit, this one has work to do!

// black screen + cooking sfx, khajiit get's moved to a table with an empty plate
%invoke

khajiit: That must've been one of the best meals I had in my life.
khajiit: A tad too spicy but on the other hand it's been a while since I ate anything with moonsugar in it.

%seen
%exit

@fragment chef-post-intro

chef: Speak, how was the food this one prepared?

khajiit: You are an artist. There is not much more to add to that.

chef: Khajiit knew a fellow Khajiit would appreciate it, not like those tasteless mer. You brought a smile on this one's face.

khajiit: Thank you, I'm glad I could make you happy.

chef: This one has one more thing for you. A sweetroll for desert.

khajiit: Right, I can smell the moonsugar in that thing from here. How much of the stuff did you put in that thing?

chef: Khajiit does not want it?

khajiit: No, no, I'll gladly take it, I'll just leave it for later. I want to have a clear mind for the time being.

chef: This one has no objections to that.

khajiit: So, would you mind talking for a bit?

%seen

@dialog chef-moonsugar

@prompt
chef: This one will say nothing more on the subject.

@option press: (Press on)

khajiit: Common, you tell a fellow Khajiit. How do you manage to get all that moonsugar?

chef: Look pal, I really don't like repeating myself. Don't ask questions you don't want to know the answer to, 'kay?

khajiit: What... what happened to your accent?

chef: Khajiit does not know what you are talking about.

%hide chef-main.option.moonsugar
%pop

@option drop: (Drop the subject)

%seen
%pop


@dialog chef-main

@prompt
chef: Speak friend, Khajiit listens.

@option take-sweetroll: (Take sweetroll)

%invoke test

khajiit: I'll take that sweetroll please.

%invoke open

null: Item added: "Traditional" Sweatroll

%invoke close

chef: Let it's sweetness bring calmness to your mind.

%seen
%hide

@option hidden take-food: (Take food)

    %invoke test

khajiit: I'll take that meal you created.

chef: Here it is. This one hopes it will be enough to show fellow Khajiit's friend the true nature of Khajiit cousine.

%invoke open

null: Item added: Food That Almost Has No Moonsugar In It

%invoke close

khajiit: Thanks, I'm sure she'll love it.

%seen
%hide

@option hidden make-food: Could you pack me some food for a um... friend?

khajiit: Listen, I have a... um... friend that keeps saying that Khajiit food is primitive rubbish that's made only to get you high on moonsugar.

chef: Such disrespectful words often reach this one's ears. As long as Khajiit breathes he will fight with such falsehoods!

khajiit: Could you pack me a meal for that friend? I would give it to her so she can see how wrong she was.

chef: Such an idea pleases Khajiit greatly! With his own hands will he open her eyes to the true nature of Khajiit cuisine!

khajiit: Maybe you could add just a little bit less moonsugar then you normally do? You know, "rubbish that's made only to get you high"?

chef: Yes, perhaps fellow Khajiit's words are not without wisdom. This one will keep this in mind.

// black screen, cooking sounds
%invoke

chef: It is done. When ready, take this one's creation and give it to your friend.

%seen
%hide
%show take-food

@option hidden breeder: Do you um... breed daedra?

khajiit: So I've talked with a certain Bomser.

chef: Ah, and fellow Khajiit came to ask about this one's daedric breeding practices?

khajiit: Well... yes?

chef: And what does fellow Khajiit think is the answer?

khajiit: That the Bomser is utterly insane?

chef: Fellow Khajiit is correct, but at the same time mistaken.
chef: The Bomser's words always seem to carry a grain of truth. This one sees him as a shattered mirror: broken into a thousand pieces, yet still reflecting the world as it is. Just differently.

khajiit: And what exactly would be that grain in case of the "daedra breeder"?

chef: This one never said he understood him.

%seen

@option hidden door: About that door behind the kitchen...

khajiit: There's a strange door with a keypad behind the kitchen, where does it lead to?

chef: It's nothing but this one's storage cellar. He had to have it locked as pesky cultists kept stealing food.

khajiit: I really don't know what else I was expecting.

%seen

@option hidden plantation: I've seen the plantation.

khajiit: Who are you?

chef: This one does not understand?

khajiit: I've seen the plantation under the kitchen. Clearly you're not just some random chef.

chef: I see little Khajiit couldn't keep his little sticky Khajiit paws off other people's stuff.
chef: I mean I can't really blame you, I'm a Khajiit too after all, but let's end this little drama. It's nothing personal, I just have a business to protect.

// claps hands, cultists enter the room
%invoke call

chef: Take this one away and make sure he does not see any sunlight ever again.

// the cultists grab the chef
%invoke grab

chef: Not me you morons, HIM!

%exit

@option moonsugar: How do manage to get all that moonsugar?

khajiit: So where do you get all the moonsugar from? As far as I can tell we are not on khajiit controlled land.

chef: Khajiit has his secrets, he shall not reveal them.

%seen
%push chef-moonsugar

@option why-work-here: Why do you work here?

khajiit: I don't understand, why would someone of such talent work in a cultist cave? Is there something holding you here?

chef: While khajiit is grateful for such kind words, he would prefer not to discuss his reasons.

khajiit: But you're not being forced to work here against your will?

chef: No, this one is a prisoner to no one but himself.

%seen

@option dont-like-food: You mentioned tasteless Mer?

khajiit: The cultists don't like the food you prepare?

chef: No, no, khajiit's creations are beloved by all, it's just his finest work that finds no appreciation.
chef: All those subtle flavors of traditional khajiit cousine are lost in their smooth-tongued mouths as they fall off chairs and drool like little children.

khajiit: Ah, I see... and adding less moonsugar would be...

chef: Heresy!

khajiit: Yeah, I thought so. You don't get to make much "traditional" food, don't you?

chef: That would be true, but khajiit has chosen to fight. He prepares traditional dishes once every week.

khajiit: And the cultists are fine with that?

chef: Khajiit does not leave them much choice. Their mouths have to be filled with something, don't they?

%hide

@option exit: (Exit)

khajiit: You seem busy, I'll leave you alone.

chef: This one will always find time to talk with his Khajiit friend.

%exit

