



@fragment thief-pre-intro

thief-hooded: *sob* So I've finally been found... *snif* took you long enough...
thief-hooded: I give up! I don't care what you do with me! I just want this nightmare to end.

khajiit: Err...

thief-hooded: Is... is that... *snif* a daedra costume?

khajiit: Oh silly me, I must've taken the wrong turn! Please don't trouble yourself, I'll immediately see myself out.

thief-hooded: No, wait... why are you wearing a daedra costume?

khajiit: This one took too much skooma and woke up like this, now this one will quickly walk away...

thief-hooded: That's *snif* racist.

khajiit: That's new. From when did anyone consider being racist towards Khajiits as being racist?

//takes of her hood
%invoke

thief-hooded no-hood: They don't

khajiit: Oh.
khajiit: That was unexpected. There isn't a hint of accent in your voice.

%seen

@fragment thief-intro

thief-hooded no-hood: Who are you?

khajiit: I... um... I guess there is no point in lying? I work for a conjuration scam company. Things got a bit messy.

thief-hooded no-hood: So not a cultist?

khajiit: Not a cultist.

thief-hooded no-hood: Can... can... I hug you?

khajiit: Wait, what?
khajiit: OK, time out lady, what's going on here. Who are you, why are you here, and why are you crying? 

thief-hooded no-hood: It was supposed to be an easy job. Go in, take shiny stuff, go out.
thief-hooded no-hood: And then everything went wrong... look at me now, trapped, alone, without anything to eat, sitting on the ground... waiting for the end.

khajiit: So a thief, I see... Could I ask you a few more questions? Maybe I'll find a way to help both of us.

%seen

@dialog thief-main

@prompt

thief: What do you *snif* want to know?

@option hidden sweetroll: (Give sweetroll)

%invoke open

khajiit: Here, I brought you a sweetroll. Not much but maybe it will do.

%invoke remove

null: Item removed: "Traditional" Sweatroll

%invoke close

thief: I... I... don't know what to say.

%invoke eat

thief: What was in it? I Never tasted anything... like... it...

%invoke eat

thief: Wow... your eyes... were always so... scattered? There is one... and there... and...

%invoke fall

khajiit: And it looks like she lost consciousness.
khajiit: I mean what did I expect? Giving a moonsugar loaded sweetroll to a starving khajiit with no accent? At least now I can go through the stuff she stole.

%seen

%exit

@option food: (Give food)

%invoke open

khajiit: I managed to get you some food.

// big cute eyes avatar
thief: *silent stare*

khajiit: Oh stop looking at me like that and just take the damn thing!

%invoke remove

null: Item removed: Packed meal

%invoke close

thief: Why… why are you helping me?

khajiit: What, I'm just to let you starve? To death? What kind of monster would I need to be?

thief: I don't know what to say… thank you.

khajiit: Just to avoid that white sauce while eating.

thief: Why? Is something wrong with it?

khajiit: It's very… um… spicy. Trust me on that one.

%invoke eat

thief: It's surprisingly good. What's in it? I never tasted anything like it.

%invoke eat

khajiit: Well… you see, the cultits have a canteen with a rather old-school Khajiit chef. He has this little fixation on “traditional food”.

thief: Wait, so that weird taste was…

khajiit: Moonsugar.

thief: And that sauce that you told me to avoid?

khajiit: Given that I can smell it from here, probably almost pure moonsugar.

thief: You drugged me! And I trusted you!

khajiit: Look, that was the only thing I could get, besides you're a Khajiit, you'll be fine.

thief: Oh, so being a Khajiit automatically makes me some kind of moonsugar junkie?

khajiit: Sugar tooth, also no. Calm down, It was a small amount added only for the taste.

thief: It's because the likes of you Khajiit are seen as low lifes!

khajiit: Right, says the Khajiit thief.

thief: I… I… *snif* I never wanted to steal. I was out of utter desperation.
thief: I hated myself for it. To become the very thing everyone was judging me to be?
thief: But at the same time... it came so easily to me, it was like the only thing in my miserable life I was actually good at.
thief: I tried to fight it! Stopped stealing, found a proper job, returned to being an upstanding citizen... but for all my efforts it was not working.
thief: I hated my life, I hated every aspect of it. I hated my job, I hated my coworkers, and most of all, I hated myself.
thief: All the distrust I had to put up with, the suspicious looks, the comments whispered behind my back? They all were well grounded! I was a dirty little Khajiit thief!
thief: And then, after several months of torture, it all ended in a single instant. They fired me. Staff reduction. So I gave in. Embraced what I truly was.
thief: A dirty little Khajiit thief.

khajiit: That was... surprisingly sincere.
khajiit: You seem to have some severe identity problems. Have you ever considered moving to a place with more Khajiits?

thief: It's a bit too late for that.

khajiit: I would say it's never too late to try.

thief: Says the Khajiit scammer.

khajiit: *sigh* I did what I had to, you're not the only one that can get desperate.

thief: You are right. You were just trying to be nice and I attacked you.

khajiit: It's fine. I mean you were having a moonsugar induced mental breakdown inside a cultist cave after almost starving to death, how can I get mad?

%seen
    %replace thief-fed

@option hidden shovel: (Give shovel)

%invoke open

khajiit: Look, I found a power shovel! With it you can probably dig through!

thief: Maybe... and maybe not. It's not exactly designed for digging tunnels and I don't have any motivation left to try. The cup was my limit.

%invoke close

khajiit: Fine, then I'll dig through myself.

thief: Do you know how to use a power shovel?

khajiit: It's a shovel, right? You stick it in the ground and like... you know... dig?

thief: Don't even try. You'll collapse the tunnel entirely and die.

khajiit: So you'll just sit here and do nothing?

thief: Look, how miserable that may sound, I doubt I would currently be able to stand up straight.

khajiit: I guess we'll need to solve that problem first.

%seen

@option wrong: What happened?

khajiit: So what exactly "went wrong"?

thief: My tunnel collapsed. I rushed it and did not secure it properly... but the ground seemed so stable.
thief: Oh, why was I so careless?

khajiit: And you can't just dig through the collapsed section because?

thief: All my tools are on the other side, I can't do much without them...
thief: I mean I tried... look at my poor hands. I've been trying to dig with a silver cup for the past... who knows how many hours?

khajiit: That sounds rough.

thief: ...and I thought about the cup only after my claws started bleeding.

khajiit: You know what, maybe let's talk about something else. Preferably with as little bleeding claws as possible.

%show place
%hide
%seen

@option time: How long have you been here?

khajiit: How long have you been sitting here?

thief: I don't know, I lost track of time... a few hours? A day? Maybe two? Long enough for hunger to suck all the energy I had left.

khajiit: That doesn't sound too good.

%seen

@option loot: Can I see your loot?

khajiit: So what did you manage to steal before you got stuck here?

thief: Nothing worth dying for. Some candle holders, portable shrines, knifes, cups, weird toys... general cultist stuff

khajiit: Can I take a look?

thief: No! Go find your own loot.

%seen

@option hidden place: Weren't there any better places to steal from?

khajiit: From all available places why break into a cultist cave? It really doesn't sound like the best target to choose.

thief: Well... this might sound a bit silly... but you know how all cultists are unquestionably evil?

khajiit: That's a quite bold statement, but go on.

thief: So... stealing from them is like... morally fine?

khajiit: I don't even know how to begin to process that.

thief: Says the Khajiit in a daedra costume.

khajiit: At least I have a semi-sane explanation for wearing it.

%hide

@option accent: You don't sound like a Khajiit.

khajiit: How come you have absolutely no accent? I couldn't tell you're a Khajiit until I saw your face.

thief: You know... not everyone grew up in Khajiit slums.

khajiit: Hey! That's rude!
khajiit: ...also it's that obvious?

thief: At least you're not a living disgrace to your race.

khajiit: Oh come on, how is my situation better than yours?

thief: You mean besides not sitting on the ground and crying?

khajiit: Right, maybe let's change the subject.

%hide

@option exit: (Exit)

khajiit: I think I'll leave you be for now.

thief: Sure go away, it's not like I wanted to have someone around to talk with while starving to death.

%exit

@dialog thief-fed

@prompt

thief: I can't stress how much I thank you

@option hidden shovel: (Give shovel)

%invoke open

khajiit: Look, I found a power shovel! With it you can probably dig through!

thief: I... I... still can't hug you?

khajiit: I fear our animation budget might be too non-existent for that.
khajiit: So I understand it'll do the job?

%invoke remove

null: Item removed: "Power" shovel

%invoke close

thief: It'll be tricky but I think I'll manage to pull it off.

%replace thief-end

@option hidden shovel-alt: (Give shovel)

%invoke open

khajiit: Got enough energy to give that shovel a go?

%invoke remove

null: Item removed: "Power" shovel

%invoke close

thief: Khajiit thinks her motivation might be scraped together successfully.

khajiit: Now that's a joke I did not expect to hear from you.

thief: I blame the moonsugar.

%replace thief-end

@option hidden sweetroll: (Give sweetroll)

%invoke open

khajiit: Do you want a sweetroll? The chef gave me one.

thief: More moonsugar? No thanks.

%invoke close

khajiit: Yeah, I thought so... 

%seen

@option feel: Feeling any better?

khajiit: So how are you holding?

thief: It seems I can cross "starvation" from my "most probable cause of death" list.
thief: I'll replace it with "crippling moonsugar addiction".

khajiit: That's the spirit.

%hide

@option plan: Got any escape plans?

khajiit: By any chance, did that meal bestow upon you knowledge that would help us get out of this place?

thief: No, but I'm sure I'll figure something out. I always do.
thief: At least I always did, you know, before I sat down crying, slowly waiting for the end.

%seen

@option loot: So about your loot...

khajiit: Can I go though your loot? Maybe I'll find something useful.

thief: Of course. If we somehow manage to escape this place it's all yours.
thief: That and everything else I have.

khajiit: Um... I'm sincerely not sure how to feel about that.

%seen

@option exit: (Exit)

khajiit: Stay here until your head fully clears up. I'll go look around, maybe I'll find something useful.

%exit

@fragment thief-end-intro

thief: Will you... um... tag along? I could use some help.

khajiit: Of course, I had enough of this cave just as much as you had.

thief: You really will? // insert puppy eyes

khajiit: Please don't make me question that.

%seen

@dialog thief-end

@prompt

thief: Ready to cut through some rocks?

@option leave: Lead the way.

khajiit: I guess now or never.

thief: Then let's not waste a single moment more!

%invoke 

khajiit: Bit tight in here.

thief: Oh, stop complaining and keep the light still.
thief: Also I want to say something in case the tunnel collapses on our heads.

khajiit: Wait, that's an option? I feel heavily under-informed.

thief: Thank you. I want to say thank you.
thief: But that's not all, there's something else I would want to say as well.

khajiit: Look, I don't want to ruin our little moment here, but what was it about the tunnel collapsing on our heads?

thief: Keep the light still and everything will be fine.

%exit

// odglosy mlota pneumatycznego po czym ziemia zasypuje wejscie do tunelu
// cinematic (wyczolguja sie na powieszchnie, epilog)

@option stay: Give me a moment.

khajiit: I gladly will but can you give me a moment? I got some unfinished business here.

thief: That's fine, I'll wait. Lately I got very good at waiting.

%exit

@fragment thief-knocked-out

khajiit: She's out cold. Just like my dignity.

@fragment thief-loot-pre

khajiit: I think I should at least try talking with that cultist before I start randomly stealing stuff.

@fragment thief-loot-deny

thief: Hey, I might be dying over here but that's MY loot!
 
thief: At least have the decency to wait for me to actually die before going through it.

@fragment thief-loot-ask

khajiit: I think I should first ask her if she's still so defensive about her loot.

@dialog thief-loot

@prompt

khajiit: Khajiits just love loot and from what I can tell I'm no exception.

@option hidden take: (Take fireproof etch-a-netch)

%invoke test

khajiit: This is so mind boggling absurd that I have to take it.

%invoke open

null: Item added: Fireproof drawing toy

%invoke close

khajiit: Who knows, maybe it will actually be useful for something.

%seen
%hide

@option examine: (Examine)

khajiit: Let's see... silver plates, jewelry, candle holders, cups, ornament daggers and... a fireproof etch-a-netch?

khajiit: Wait, I've seen this before. It's a toy you can draw on using two knobs. A kid from my neighborhood had one... at least until his dad pawned it for some skooma money. Fun times.

khajiit: But why make a fireproof version? And what is it doing in a cultist cave?

%show-unseen take

%seen

@option exit: (Exit)

%exit
